Reviewer 1:
7
Components: Your codebase can be better organized. Each module should be in separate folders.
Dependencies: In the main file, we easily see what threads/classes are initialized as your function names are explicit (ex: elevio.Init). All the initialization and goroutines (before line 77) could be better structured by grouping in functions.
Coherence: Be careful, each of your modules should have only one purpose. Your file requests.go mainly aims to test if an elevator has requests and change its direction in consequence. The function Calculate_priority_value (also in this file) doesn't have the same purpose, it should be part of another module that manages and distributes resources among the different elevators.
Functions: Your functions are small and focused on one task, great! Most of your functions return values, and modify only the variables in their scopes, great!
Direction: Most interactions seem unidirectional.
Understandability: Structure your comments in the same way for readability. Comments in English would have been nice so I could read them, but I get that it’s not required.
Naming: Be careful, for readability, use a single naming convention. For example, some of your function names start with lowercase, others with uppercase, some with underscores, others without (e.g., requests_above() vs GetElevatorStruct). Maybe follow the naming convention given in the lecture. Also, only one of your modules (Networking.go) starts with an uppercase letter.

Reviewer 2:
8
Bullet point 1:
Some of your naming is a little bit confusing. For example, calling one file worldview_package.go and another worldviews.go while none of them actually is in the package worldview. 
It would make sense if you wrote the code, but as an outside observer it comes across as a bit strange.
Bullet point 2:
The initialization of variables always happend on the top of the script, in the "var()" syntax, which was easily readable and understandable. 
However, we can see that you have defined NumFloors as a global variable i elevator.go, but do not use it in your main.go file and instead redefine it there as NUMFLOORS.
If you have any global variables like that, you can use them instead of redefining as it is unecessary.
Bullet point 3:
Some of the files are commented quite thoroughly, while others are not. 
It might be a good idea to add some comments where there is a possibility for confusion. 
However, most of your naming is clear enough that we get what the funcions do, even without comments, which is good.
Bullet point 4:
In the main function, we could find where you initilized the elevator, but to us it did not look very scalable. 
You seem to initilize one elevator in your code, meaning you will have to run n programs to run n elevators. 
If you have peer-to-peer however, we get how this is kind of what you have to do, but even then, things could be a bit more automated on that front.
Bullet point 5:
Your files are very well organized. 
We can clearly see what the original translated elevator code is, and what additions you have made with the connections folder, with the main file overlooking it all.
Bullet point 6:
Your main-function is well commented, but also quite large which makes it more difficult to follow.
You can consider making functions for the different types of tasks the main-function deals with.
You also have a bit of commented out code-lines in the function which makes it harder to follow. 
We get keeping them if they are for testing, but remember to remove them for better readability and structure.
Bullet point 7:
We can see that you have removed a lot of the abundant code in the elevator.go file. Nice. 
In our experience the elevator_print function was just a hassle when debugging, since it took up the whole terminal. 
You also rewrote the elevator_uninitialized function in a much better way. Well done.

Reviewer 3:
7
*Comments documenting what a function does should be by the function itself, rather than the place it is used.
*The word 'package' being used in variable and struct names (anything other than packages really) seems like a bad convention.
*In elevator.go the number of floors in the elevator struct is hardcoded despite there being a numFloors variable in the same file.
*Is the 'NumFloors_minus_1' variable in requests.go necessary? It adds more clutter for keeping track of what's going on (although it's name explains very well what it is)
*Function/variable names in networking.go are confusing, making it hard to understand what happens in the functions. Variable names make the function 'Wait_for_responses' difficult to follow.
*There are many big functions that need comments to document what the Whole thing does.
*In online.go, the function init() uses a global variable called ID. Which ID is this. Is this a possible point of trouble later.
*It seems you have a concrete plan for how to solve this problem, although it might be hard to maintain. Maybe Focus on this if there is time left over.

