Reviewer 1:
7
- The system is divided into multiple modules. A single Elevator, a networking module for peer discovery and an HRA. Each package has a distinct responsibility, this makes the structure easier to comprehend
- Channels are used to connect components, and each module receives the channels it needs to communicate with others.
- Each module focuses on a single subject. Channels, functions match their purpose.
- The code is easy to follow, with descriptive function names. The logic flow for networking is generally understandable.
- All changes to the global InfoMap happen in a clearly defined areas. That makes it easy to see exactly who made each change, which makes debugging simpler.
- There is no excessive back and forth between modules. The top level coordination is mostly in Nettverk_hoved and HRAMain. This helps avoid circular dependencies or confusion.
- Comments are present and typically useful. Some comments could be more standardized. The comments are both in norwegian and english.

Reviewer 2:
7
Lack of documentation. No README file and few comments make it challenging to read through the code. 
Poor naming conventions. Function names are in both Norwegian and English (nettverk_hoved). It is unclear what the converter function actually converts. Also, variable names like a and p are used in cases (e.g., in Elev_main). 
Confusing setup of the network module as it contains conversion functions for HRA. For example, the FSM module should not handle order assignment if it is already managed by HRA. 
Cab and hall requests should be defined as constants to improve code readability (instead of writing if btnType == 1, for example). 
Some functions are difficult to read, especially requests_shouldClearImmediately. It is not easy to see what is being returned. 
References a config file that is not included. 
Simple and well-structured main function that sets up channels and runs goroutines. 

Reviewer 3:
7
File Structure: The file structure is mostly clear and organized. The naming of files and functions is well-structured with some exceptions.
README: Missing README file makes it difficult to launch the project. It's recommended to add a clear README that explains how to set up and run the project.
Folder Naming Consistency: The folder naming for "Nettverk" is not consistent with the naming structure, especially since the folder inside it is named "network." This could be confusing for future users.
Modifications to OnRequestButtonPress: Your modifications to the OnRequestButtonPress function are simple but well-implemented. If it works, it looks like you have achieved the functionality with only small code changes.
Git Imports: In the file elev_algo_main.go, you import "elevator_io" from Git, even though the file exists locally. If there’s no specific reason for this, consider using the local version for better clarity and ease of use. Again, I was not able to run your main as it required a password to your git.
Module Imports and Naming: In the fsm file, several functions from the "requests" module are imported, which is fine, you have kept the "requests_" names. Consider renaming it to better reflect its purpose and functionality or consider keeping "requests" as a module for better readability.
Module Structure: Consider keeping requests as a module for better readability.

